CASE STUDIES  - need next buttons.

Aimhigher - Greater Manchester
The brief from this client was to raise the profile of this national initiative to raise participation levels in higher education.

The consultancy included :- 
·	Production of a communications strategy action plan.
·	Promotional event planning and marketing for an employer based foundation degree.
·	Marketing and event planning for the Skill City initiative.


Training For Industry Programme (TIP)
EJS Marketing established the TIP, sponsored by ERDF, BT, Manchester Airport, British Nuclear Fuels and British Aerospace, in conjunction with Salford University. This is a vehicle to provide training in specific skills areas for locally based companies. 

The brief also included the design and production of the prospectus and the organisation of a series of promotional events and training cells.

Over four hundred companies have now benefited from training programmes in e-business, leadership, financial planning and marketing.


Eccles College 
The major objective for the college is to establish long-term mutually beneficial partnerships with Greater Manchester businesses. 
This is being achieved through, a targeted Marketing Communications campaign which includes identification of needs within identified sectors and skill matching to the facilities and expertise within the college.
A  "Passport to Enterprise" has been developed, offering a range of benefits, including training and development programmes, work placements, sponsorship opportunities and PR exposure for mutual benefit. 
Working with the Vice Principal, EJS Marketing has developed all material for the above, organised the direct mail campaign, telemarketing and attendance at all prospect visits. This approach is proving to be very successful and is on-going. 

Green Lane High School 
Green Lane High, in Timperley, has been granted Arts College Status and is seeking commercial partnerships to increase investment and expand their facilities. It is also seeking financial support for a new Fitness Suite. 
EJS Marketing's role includes, identification of sponsorship opportunities, preparation of a benefits package and market research regarding potential commercial sponsors. Project management and preparation of mailing campaign and follow up, are all part of this on-going brief. 

Knowledge Northwest 
Knowledge Northwest was a simple point of entry to all the regions Universities, offering a free enquiry service to the expertise within Higher Education and other relevant partners. 
EJS Marketing worked with the Knowledge North West team, developing and implementing new marketing strategies. Objectives included raising the profile of KNW to the SME business communities. This was achieved by research and targeting of their marketplace with specific sector groups e.g. Food and Drink, Automotive etc. 
The brief included the development of "The Brand", and message, via a major advertising campaign throughout the region, direct marketing campaigns and the organisation of  high profile events for SMEs in Greater Manchester and Liverpool. 

University of Salford 
Over the past ten years EJS Marketing has worked on a range of initiatives for the University Of Salford, many involving reach out initiatives to SMEs in the region, linking the expertise of Higher Education to business. 
EJS Marketing has more recently worked on the development of Foundation Degrees for Salford University, in particular organising events to attract companies who would be interested in content development.

N.H.S. Directors Forum 
EJS Marketing was responsible for establishing and co-ordinating  the N.H.S. Directors Forum. This senior health service managers forum is a vehicle for chief executives from N.H.S. Trusts throughout the northwest of England to facilitate networking and debates over major issues. 

After formation, EJS produced the Forum letter magazine until the forum was absorbed by the Faculty for Health and Social Sciences. 



