9.  CLIENT TESTIMONIALS

Dear Elaine,
I am just back from a trip to the Antipodes and am catching up on my correspondence.
I understand that the seminar at Eccles College on 29 November was a huge success and I am writing to thank you sincerely as the originator and prime mover of this event. We are always looking for ways in which Campus can work collaboratively with our members and this was a brilliant example of how such a shared approach can bring added value.

Peter Bowker
Director of Campus


We employed EJS Marketing to organise a number of events for Aimhigher Greater Manchester. These included Foundation Degrees, a vocational higher education fair, an employer seminar and a series of activities in the Aimhigher summer festival. This required working with people at senior and operational level within our partners in a range of sectors including universities, schools, LEAs, colleges and work based learning providers.

Elaine interacted equally well with senior staff, practitioners and young people and she was always on top of the things that needed to be done to progress activities to plan. She wrote up the Foundation Degree event for a national magazine which itself brought profile to us and she liaised with the press to maximise the coverage for the Aimhigher events. Most of all, she was energetic and motivated at all times.

Jo Wiggins
Director, Aimhigher Greater Manchester


Elaine Simons has worked with us over a number of years in a role combining the development of relationships with existing and potential customers with the marketing, organisation and running of regular seminars in the University. 

Elaine's work for us has consistently been of the highest standard; she has always been totally reliable and professional in all she has done. Indeed, throughout all her work for us she has shown a commitment to the University's aspirations at as high a level as could be found amongst staff in our permanent employment.
I am pleased to recommend Elaine to you.

Dr Don Davies
University of Salford



