WEB DESIGN & MARKETING

Performance Websites For Business 
The EJS Marketing consultancy offers a complete web design and marketing package. Our web design & marketing team build and promote sites that meet agreed client objectives, delivering an attractive return on the investment made in the website.

Search Engine Optimisation 
An aesthetically attractive website containing interesting detail about good quality, competitively priced products is unlikely to produce the required results unless it is well placed in the search engines. High search engine placement is essential to create the exposure your website needs if it is to attract a high level of site visits - resulting in showroom or site visits, price or service enquiries, or e-commerce transactions.

EJS Marketing specialises in designing and marketing websites which obtain strong search engine positioning - and then retains it. We used proven techniques which follow search engine guidelines. We do not use software based techniques which the search engines are continually seeking to counter. Sites optimised via such methods frequently suffer a deterioration in search engine positioning each time the major search engines change their algorithm.

Our optimisation process includes:-

·	Detailed research, supported by software tools, to select the correct search terms for which to optimise the website.
·	Text, code and metatag development to support the positioning of the site for the selected keyword search phrases.
·	Manual submission of the finished website to the appropriate search engines and their prime reference directories.
·	Inbound links are an ever increasingly important influence on a website's page rank and consequent search engine positioning. EJS Marketing has strong relationships with a number of portals and other sites from which inbound links are arranged.
·	Once launched, EJS Marketing has developed a menu of additional techniques which will further enhance the positioning of client sites on the search engines.


Additional website services
Additional website services include:-
A range of e-commerce packages
Flash animation features and mini movies
Logo development
Content management and database development
Cost effective and reliable website hosting
Website salvage & renovation 
Setting up and maintaining e-mail systems
Domain name registration


Funding for Websites for Export 
In the Greater Manchester area we have access to European Union based funding for the development of websites which are to be used to promote export business. Please contact us (H link to e-mail) for more details.

